Gardeners User Agreement and Privacy Policy

User Agreement
1. Paraphrase
This service agreement is a legal agreement between the user and the Gardeners App (including but not limited to the relevant rights and obligations specifications entered into).
User means an individual who is willing to accept this agreement, register as a "Gardeners" user and use the network services provided by "Gardeners".
This agreement describes the detailed terms on which the Gardeners website provides network services to users. Therefore, please read all the contents of this service agreement before you register as a user of the Gardeners website. When the user clicks the "Complete Registration" button or uses any network service provided by the Gardeners website, it is deemed to agree to and accept all the specifications of this service agreement and is willing to be bound by it.
The user should be clear: Regardless of whether he actually reads it carefully before registering, as long as the user clicks the "complete registration" button and successfully registers in accordance with the relevant registration procedures, the user's behavior has indicated that the user has unconditionally accepted this agreement and the various items announced by the company Management regulations and willingness to be bound by them. In the event of a dispute, the user shall not plead on the ground that it has not been read carefully.
The provisions of this agreement may be changed at any time. When revising this user agreement, the Gardeners website will announce the fact of the modification on the relevant page without separate notice to the user. Please check regularly. If the user does not agree with this service agreement and / or modify it at any time, the user can actively cancel the services provided by the Gardeners website. If the user continues to use the services provided by the Gardeners website, the user agrees to all the updates made by the Gardeners website to this agreement. . The Gardeners website will not bear any responsibility for the loss caused by the user's unfamiliarity with the announcement regulations after the user agreement is changed.
2. Declaration of rights
All information, materials, text, software, programs, sounds, pictures, videos, graphics (including related software), services, services, services, services, services, services, services, services, services, services, services, services, etc. , All belong to Gardeners and / or other rights holders, and are protected by the relevant laws of the People ’s Republic of China and international agreements and treaties to which the People ’s Republic of China is a party; unless prior written authorization from Gardeners and / or other rights holders, no one shall Modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, copy, distribute, authorize, produce derivative works, transfer, transfer, or indirectly any of this information, materials, text, software, programs, sounds, pictures, videos, graphics Damage, sales, leases, and other similar acts, regardless of whether or not they derive economic benefits from them. Anyone who violates the foregoing provisions shall compensate for any direct and indirect losses caused to Gardeners and / or other rights holders, including but not limited to their compensation and payment to third parties, any economic punishment, legal fees, etc. . .
The user clearly knows and irrevocably agrees that the user uses any works, materials, information (including but not limited to Gardeners art works, etc.) provided by the Gardeners website now and in the future, or any services provided by the Gardeners website now and in the future (including The copyright of works created by but not limited to comic book makers (hereinafter referred to as "Gardeners Derivative Works") belongs entirely to Gardeners, and Gardeners may use these works for any purpose and purpose based on their own judgment and needs, regardless of whether they are of a commercial nature , The user does not make any rights and economic claims to Gardeners.
Users who use any works, materials, and information provided by the Gardeners website now and in the future, and do not use the services provided by the Gardeners website now and in the future (hereinafter referred to as "user-originated works"), once on the Gardeners website Upload, publish, use in any way in the enjoyment of website services, and implement any other similar behavior, the user exclusively grants Gardeners a user-authored work with a worldwide, permanent, free use right, Gardeners may use their own judgment And needs to use the works for any purpose and purpose without paying any fees to the user, whether or not they are of a commercial nature; however, Gardeners should sign the user's name in such use, if there is no special agreement or objective conditions Difficult to achieve, signed user names registered on the Gardeners website.
The user guarantees that neither the Gardeners derivative works nor the user original works infringe on the legal rights of anyone, including but not limited to copyrights, patents, trademark exclusive rights, technical secrets and other intellectual property rights, portrait rights, reputation rights, name rights and other personality rights, And Gardeners can obtain legal copyright and use rights in accordance with the foregoing provisions; otherwise, the user shall compensate all direct and indirect losses caused to Gardeners, including but not limited to their compensation, payment to third parties, any economic punishment, Attorney fees, etc.

3． Account number and password
After the user successfully applies for registration, the Gardeners website will assign the account of the user's Gardeners website. The user understands that once the account is set, it cannot be changed; the password can be changed after logging in to the Gardeners website.
In order to protect their own rights, users should not disclose account numbers and passwords or provide third parties to know or lend or transfer them to others for use. If the account or password is leaked due to the user's own fault or negligence, and the user himself will suffer losses, the user shall Take responsibility. Gardeners website employees (including but not limited to our website and forum administrators, customer service staff, etc.) will not ask the user's password in any way, so the user must not disclose the user's password to anyone, and do not share the same account with multiple people. Install illegal or unknown programs. If the user loses his or her password, the Gardeners website will not bear any consequences.
4. Rights of the user
Users may use the services provided by the Gardeners website in accordance with this agreement and other rules that are updated and published from the Gardeners website from time to time.
The user has the right to monitor whether the Gardeners website and the staff of the Gardeners website provide services to users in accordance with the standards published on the Gardeners website during the use of the services provided by the Gardeners website, and can also submit comments and suggestions on the services of the Gardeners website to the Gardeners website at any time .
If the user does not agree with this agreement or disagrees with the later updates of the Gardeners website, or is not satisfied with the services provided by the Gardeners website, the user can choose to stop using the services of the Gardeners website. If the user chooses to stop using the services of the Gardeners website, the Gardeners website will no longer bear any obligations and responsibilities to the user.
5． User's obligations
Users are required to equip themselves with all the computers and network equipment required to register and use the network, and bear all the costs required for surfing the Internet.
Users understand and understand that Gardeners website may provide users with paid services at any time now and in the future. Once users use such paid services, they shall be subject to their rules and pay corresponding fees. Specific paid services and their rules will be published and implemented on the Gardeners website.
The user is obliged to properly keep the account and password for using the Gardeners website. When the user logs in with the correct user account and password, the user who uses the account is deemed to be the user himself, and any behavior he or she does will also be considered as the user. The user shall be responsible for a series of actions or activities started after logging in to the system with this account and password.
Users must follow the following principles when using Gardeners web services:
(1) Comply with relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China;
(2) Do not use the network service system for any illegal purpose;
(3) Obey all network protocols, regulations and procedures related to network services;
(4) will not use any services that may damage, attack, overload the server or otherwise disrupt the services provided by the Gardeners website;
(5) Do not use the Gardeners website service system to perform any behavior that may adversely affect the normal operation of the Internet or may interfere with the normal use of the services provided by the Gardeners website using the services of the Gardeners website;
(6) Don't use the Gardeners web service system to transmit any harassing, offensive, abusive, intimidating, vulgar or obscene information;
(7) Do not use the Gardeners website web service system to perform other actions that are not conducive to the Gardeners website;
(8) For the services, products and business consulting of Gardeners website and partner business partners, communication channels provided by corresponding institutions shall be adopted, and negative publicity regarding Gardeners website and related services shall not be published in public places;
(9) If any illegal use of a user account or a security breach occurs, the Gardeners website shall be notified immediately.
6. Cancel account
The Gardeners website is not responsible for any user's account cancellation due to any one or more of the following actions:
(1) Violate this service agreement;
(2) Abuse of the rights enjoyed;
(3) Provide false registration information;
(4) use Gardeners website web services by improper means;
(5) Acts that harm the rights and interests of the Gardeners website and its rights holders, affiliated companies or partners, and the legitimate rights and interests of other users;
(6) Violation of Chinese laws and regulations;
(7) acts that violate social customs and social morals;
(8) Other acts that violate the relevant provisions of the Gardeners website.
7. Service interruption
The user understands and understands that the Gardeners website has the right to interrupt the network service provided in one of the following situations, but it should try to notify the user in a prominent position of the website; if it is impossible to notify in advance due to objective reasons, the Gardeners website should try its best to interrupt the service Minimize or minimize adverse effects. The Gardeners website does not need to bear any responsibility to the user to the extent permitted by law or only the minimum liability according to law:
(1) Perform necessary maintenance and construction on the network equipment of the Gardeners website regularly or irregularly;
(2) due to malfunctions, failures, or negligence of man-made operations of the Gardeners website, the partners of the Gardeners website, or the software and hardware equipment of the telecommunications network system;
(3) Others break into the network of the Gardeners website, tampering, deleting, or forging or fabricating website data;
(4) reasons for force majeure;
(5) Due to the requirements of relevant institutions based on laws or legal procedures;
(6) Other regulations based on laws or national policies.
8. Termination of service
The user understands and understands that the Gardeners website has the right to terminate one or more services at any time based on its own needs and judgments. The Gardeners website will notify in advance the prominent position of the website; its termination of the service will not be required to bear any responsibility to the user or only Take the minimum responsibility according to law.
9. privacy protection
Protecting the privacy of users (especially minors) is a basic policy of Gardeners. Therefore, if a parent (guardian) wants a minor (especially a child under 10) to use the service, it must be in the name of the parent When applying for registration, when accepting the service, you should judge whether the service is suitable for minors as a legal guardian.
The Gardeners website will take commercially reasonable measures to protect the security of users' personal data. The Gardeners website will use commonly available security technologies and procedures to protect users' personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Gardeners will likely block comics containing real-life images using characters from non-producers. For the loss of user account or leakage of user's personal information not caused by the fault of the Gardeners website, the Gardeners website will not need to bear any responsibility to the user or only the minimum liability according to law, and will protect the user's privacy. provide assistance.
The Gardeners website promises that the real name, ID number, home address, postal address, postal code, email address, password, password protection prompt questions and answers will not be disclosed without the user's permission. However, this commitment will not be covered if:
(1) The user allows the Gardeners website to disclose these personal data;
(2) Disclosed for the benefit of the public.
(3) Relevant laws, regulations or administrative regulations require the Gardeners website to disclose users' personal data;
(4) The judicial or administrative agency requires the Gardeners website to disclose the user's personal data based on legal procedures;
(5) Disclosed to relevant authorities in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of Gardeners or Gardeners affiliates;
(6) In order to protect the personal safety of other users and the public in emergency situations, the personal data of users need to be disclosed;
(7) When the company reasonably suspects that something that endangers national security has occurred, the company proactively submits relevant information to the public security agency for investigation and processing;
(8) Comics fully respects and protects any personal information submitted and generated by all users in the web services provided by Gardeners. Except as otherwise stated in these Terms, Gardeners warrants that it will not knowingly disclose any content related to the user's personal privacy to any third party without the user's prior consent.
The user understands and understands that the Gardeners website will need to cooperate with a third party for objective reasons such as providing website services and supporting operations. In this case, the user agrees that if the third party agrees to assume the same responsibility for protecting the user's privacy as the Gardeners website, the Gardeners The website may provide personal information of the user to the third party. Under the premise of protecting the user's personal privacy, Gardeners has the right to perform technical analysis on the entire user database and commercial use of the analyzed and organized user database (including but not limited to publishing, analyzing or otherwise using user access Volume, access period, user preferences, etc.).
Although Gardeners has made great efforts to protect the privacy of users, there is still no guarantee that the existing security technology measures will prevent the user's technical information from being lost in any form. Therefore, the user hereby agrees and confirms that, due to computer system problems, hacking attacks, computer virus intrusion or outbreak,
